Add snippets to select references (#247)
jaybee84/ml-in-rd: content/17. ref-snippets.md

# Classification in the Presence of Label Noise: a Survey
[@doi:10.1109/tnnls.2013.2292894]

> This article is a comprehensive resource describing the definition and sources of label noise, consequences of label noise on ML model development, and techniques that can help mitigate the resulting issues. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Frénay and Verleysen (2014) define and describe sources of label noise, consequences of label noise on ML model development, and techniques that can help mitigate the resulting issues. 
```

# Classification in the Presence of Label Noise: a Survey
[@doi:10.1109/tnnls.2013.2292894]
This article is a comprehensive resource describing the definition and sources of label noise, consequences of label noise on ML model development, and techniques that can help mitigate the resulting issues. 
It also suggests few quality metrics that may be used to test newly developed models to understand their performance in presence of noisy data.

# Random Forests
[@doi:10.1023/a:1010933404324]

> This is a seminal paper that describes the theory underlying random forest algorithm which is a popular ML method with applications in almost every high-dimensional data field, including medicine and life sciences. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Breiman (2007) describes the theory underlying random forest algorithm which is a popular ML method with applications in almost every high-dimensional data field, including medicine and life sciences. 
```

The paper also highlights the behavior of random forests in the presence of data where each individual feature is not strong enough to distinguish between classes (weak inputs). 
This scenario is frequently encountered in biomedical data and especially rare disease data.

# Deriving disease modules from the compressed transcriptional space embedded in a deep autoencoder
[@doi:10.1038/s41467-020-14666-6]

> This article applies representation learning to meaningfully group genes into modules in a data-driven manner. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Dwivedi, et. al. (2020) apply representation learning to meaningfully group genes into modules in a data-driven manner. 
```

The authors turned the deep neural network into a "glass-box" by layering knowledge-based interpretation on the gene modules identified using a variational autoencoder to provide insights into what each layer of their model represent.

# Pathway-level information extractor (PLIER) for gene expression data
[@doi:10.1038/s41592-019-0456-1]

> This article developed a model that capitalizes on correlated gene expression to not only identify meaningful biological pathways but also reduce noise in data introduced due to technical variability using principles of representation learning combined with prior-knowledge. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Mao and colleagues (2019) used the principles of representation learning combined with prior-knowledge to develop a model that capitalizes on correlated gene expression to identify meaningful biological pathways and reduce noise in data introduced due to technical variation.
```
